Add runbook for changing storage node size on Exoscale (#101)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/storage-ceph-cleanup-osd.adoc

. Make a note of the PVCs of the old OSDs
+
NOTE: We also extract the name of the PVs here, but we'll only delete the PVs after removing the nodes from the cluster.
+
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
old_pvc_names=""

> old_pv_names=""

Reviewer: you probably should use the page attribute `:delete-pvs:` here to ensure the partials stay consistent with each other for any value of `:delete-pvs:`.

for node in $(echo -n {osd-replace-list}); do
  osd_id=$(kubectl --as=cluster-admin -n syn-rook-ceph-cluster get deploy \
    -l failure-domain="${node}" --no-headers \
    -o custom-columns="NAME:.metadata.name" | cut -d- -f4)

  pvc_name=$(kubectl --as=cluster-admin -n syn-rook-ceph-cluster get deploy \
    "rook-ceph-osd-${osd_id}" -ojsonpath='{.metadata.labels.ceph\.rook\.io/pvc}')
  pv_name=$(kubectl --as=cluster-admin -n syn-rook-ceph-cluster get pvc \
    "${pvc_name}" -o jsonpath='{.spec.volumeName}')

  old_pvc_names="$old_pvc_names $pvc_name"
  old_pv_names="$old_pv_names $pv_name"
done
echo $old_pvc_names
echo $old_pv_names
----

. Delete old OSD deployments
+
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
for node in $(echo -n {osd-replace-list}); do
  kubectl --as=cluster-admin -n syn-rook-ceph-cluster delete deploy \
    -l failure-domain="${node}"
done
----

> . Clean up PVCs and prepare jobs of the old OSDs if necessary

Reviewer: For all of these step descriptions it may make sense to either use the following form

```suggestion
. Clean up PVC(s) and prepare job(s) of the old OSD(s) if necessary
```

Or to have another page attribute which you can use to make the descriptions plural only when necessary

```suggestion
ifdef::multiple-nodes[]
. Clean up PVCs and prepare jobs of the old OSDs if necessary
endif::multiple-nodes[]
ifndef::multiple-nodes[]
. Clean up PVC and prepare job of the old OSD if necessary
endif::multiple-nodes[]
```

Author: I do like the first option. The second one just feels like we start to duplicate way to much text again.

Reviewer: I was considering suggesting something along the lines of `PVC{plural-suffix}` but that creates a large amount of headache to control the value of `:plural-suffix:`.

Author: changed pluralization
